[Thuy Minh’s voice]
"If you ask me about ambiguous (50/50) relationships
I think they are relationships that two people have feelings for each other
but they fear of taking a step forward,
and such relationships make us contemplative,
because of in their essence, we don't know how far we can go”
♪ From our first kiss ♪
♪ I have been longing for you ♪
♪ Missing you like crazy ♪
♪ Not sure if my messages bother you? ♪
♪ Waiting for your reply ♪
♪ Then you texted that ♪
♪ “Where are you tonight ?” ♪
♪ "Can I come over” (Yeah yeah) ♪
♪ My house was cleaned  ♪
♪ Went to the market from midday ♪
♪ Sprayed perfume ♪
♪ KPut on the shirt I bought last night ♪
♪ Watching coffee dropping (still dropping) ♪
♪ Time is passing (still passing) ♪
♪ Sorrow at the thought of you ♪
♪ He must have forgotten! (Woo damn!) ♪
♪ Drink coffee till late night ♪
♪ It’s been twelve but you haven’t come ♪
♪ Coffee is dripping drop by drop ♪
♪ Drink coffee till late night  ♪
♪ Ngồi uống cà phê đến tối ♪
♪ Can’t help falling asleep ♪
♪ Waiting for you all night ♪
♪ I’m crazy about you ♪
♪ Gee ♪
♪ Why are you so excessive? ♪
♪ Your smile makes me dizzy (oh yeah) ♪
♪ Your eyes are glowing ♪
♪ Oh damn, I can’t ignore that ♪
♪ Wanna stay up with you all night,
wanna be closer to you to enjoy coffee together ♪
♪ It's speechless every time we see each other
and then we both completely forget our way homes ♪
♪ My house was cleaned (so clean ♪
♪ Went to the market from midday (i mean) ♪
♪ Sprayed perfume ♪
♪ Put on the shirt I bought last night (only dress for you) ♪
♪ Watching coffee dropping (still dropping) ♪
♪ Time is passing (still passing) ♪
♪ Sorrow at the thought of you ♪
♪ He must have forgotten! (Oh my god) ♪
♪ Drink coffee till late night ♪
♪ It’s been twelve but you haven’t come ♪
♪ Coffee is dripping drop by drop ♪
♪ I guess you forgot our date ♪
♪ Drink coffee till late night ♪
♪ Can’t help falling asleep ♪
♪ Waiting for you all night ♪
♪ I’m crazy about you ♪
♪ Gee ♪
♪ Gee  ♪
♪ I know you like me too, why don’t you come through oh oh ♪
♪ Oh baby  ♪
♪ All night waiting for you, i don’t have a clue (you know what i mean) ♪
♪ Drink coffee till late night ♪
♪ It’s been twelve but you haven’t come ♪
♪ Coffee is dripping drop by drop ♪
♪ I guess you forgot our date ♪
♪ Drink coffee till late night ♪
♪ Can’t help falling asleep ♪
♪ Waiting for you all night ♪
♪ I’m crazy about you ♪
♪ Gee ♪